hi this is Steve from border were calm
and today i'll be doing a review of the
clips in here image s4i headphones now
these are the mic 3-button remote
headphones that have our remote control
which you can be used with your iphone
3gs iphone your ipod as well as other
media devices so this is packaging
itself eclipse that's very nice clean
packaging you can see the Vice Chloe
through the X I'm going to sort of pull
that out set that aside now it comes
with a metal karen case kind of reminds
me of like an Altoid case but it comes
with that and has a different earbuds
for you to change through also has a
clip as well as not sure what this bar
is for but we'll find that out with the
review or the review down the line but
this is this is the packaging the
headphones themselves right now look in
look very nice very clean these are the
white sets you can see the remote
control buttons there the volume button
the call answer button as well effective
like a menu changer the manuals at the
back so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to spend some time this review is
going to be kind of like you basically
would be time forward in a sense
responsive time to use the headset using
the various devices see how it works
these are supposed to be this is
supposed to be noise-cancelling headset
also so we're going to test that off for
a while and you know package together
through the NCI go so so let's check it
out now let you guys know shut up early
I'd be the klipsch image s4i headphones
now just sucking it against a very good
perspective how the headphone to work
and you know how good they are it's the
carrying case sure that earlier but I
just want to give you detailed high
looks like close up now if you see that
it's pretty nifty might be a little
watch to carry around but does job very
well
the headphones themselves just let me
just untangle mine since I'm quite
terrible with headphone tangling but
anyway these are headphones you can see
them it has the three button controls
here this specially you play for back
buttons and then of course your volume
up the top and one dog bottom I test
this these out with an iPod shuffle ipod
touch and regular ipod and they work
perfectly I also use them with the zune
HD energy one now with the zune HD you
cannot use these to controlling the
volume or playing back and forth button
but with the g1 not easy but the g1 or
any cell phone that has a 3.5 a 3.5 mm
jack you can actually use this phone
calls you can actually answer phone
calls and play music listen to music and
all that stuff so actually work they
work pretty well the only thing I
noticed with the using the using to make
phone calls is I had to hold down the
button here to speak so that you could
be heard loud eb i can still talk with
the mind but i just was interesting
anyway by the way now to the headphones
themselves these are noise classic
cancelling headphones and they do the
job I'm serious I mean I I put them in
my ears and I'm listening to music and I
can't hear anything at all there's no
outside sound distracting or taking away
from music experience so they work very
very well for that so let's the left in
the right when we actually have this
interesting diverted local angular look
so if I can actually show you that
properly I guess this allows you to go
into the ear canal properly so you can
actually get the full range of sound and
then you know of course it is pretty
much slide in that way and you can of
course change the airport see your
liking whichever ones you want my take
you know this is well worth the price I
believe they go for about ninety nine
MSRP could be more or less depending but
they are awesome they were very
very very well i mean i have many
headphones i like to use headphones over
the years in years really doesn't matter
for me as long as i get good quality
sound and also i love noise cancelling
headphones especially from traveling so
these work very very well another cool
thing just to note as the looking the
instruction manual and actually has
decimal range which is actually pretty
cool it shows you the different limits
for the english section if you see that
shows you different decibel ratings
basically the decimal cell and how long
you should listen to to music at the
decimal rating then of course you know
decreases as decibels increase so cool
little thing I mean just really no not
much to see in the instruction model
other than you know to showing you how
to use it as you can see there but like
I said it might take these awesome it
works very very well and yeah so that is
my quick review for the image s4i
headphones from clips these are awesome
again I can't over stress house on there
if you guys have any questions any
comments let me know you cannot do you
know post questions on the YouTube page
and give us a video response and also
don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube
page subscribe to a facebook fan page as
well as our twitter page it's all bored
of work and also hit us up a google buzz
if you have gmail it's a border work
very simple so this is the need for
motor work saying always enjoyed
statement and hey if you want to get
headphones you check these out ciao